I'm getting ready to paint the triumph
one of the things you have to do to
prepare is take the decals off because I
ordered new decals in this case there's
a clear coat over the decal so I had to
sand that clear coat off and then I
bought a special tool it's like a a
biggie racer already did the other side
seems to work pretty good
well that probably got about 95% of it
looks pretty good
certainly easy way to remove detail ok
else this tool here costs $10 you can
see where it wears here so it feels like
erasers just like a big eraser you'd
have on the end of a pencil got one
little spot there that should do it now
I got a lightly sand the tank I have the
rest of the bike all prepared ready to
go
fresh paint job pearl it's a diamond
white with a ghost silver a pearl so
it's a try coat